1.For event requests, list the event number, event date (eventrequest.dateheld), and count of the event plans.  Only include event requests in the result if the event request has more than one related event plan with a work date in December 2013.


SELECT 	eventrequest.eventno,
	dateheld, 
	eventplan.planno,
	COUNT(*) AS countevent
FROM eventrequest, eventplan, eventplanline
WHERE eventrequest.eventno=eventplan.eventno
AND eventplan.planno=eventplanline.planno
AND dateheld BETWEEN '1-DEC-2013' AND '31-DEC-2013'
GROUP BY eventrequest.eventno, dateheld , eventplan.planno
HAVING COUNT(*) > 1;


2.List the plan number, event number, work date, and activity of event plans meeting the following two conditions: (1) the work date is in December 2013 and (2) the event is held in the “Basketball arena”.  Your query must not use the facility number (“F101”) of the basketball arena in the WHERE clause. Instead, you should use a condition on the FacName column for the value of “Basketball arena”.

SELECT 	eventplan.planno,
	eventplan.eventno, 
	eventplan.workdate, 
	eventplan.activity
FROM 	eventplan, eventrequest, facility
WHERE	eventplan.eventno=eventrequest.eventno
AND 	eventrequest.facno=facility.facno
AND 	workdate BETWEEN '1-Dec-2013' AND '31-DEC-2013'
AND 	facility.facname='Basketball Arena';


3.	List the event number, event date, status, and estimated cost of events where there is an event plan managed by Mary Manager and the event is held in the basketball arena in the period October 1 to December 31, 2013.  Your query must not use the facility number (“F101”) of the basketball arena or the employee number (“E101”) of “Mary Manager” in the WHERE clause. Thus, the WHERE clause should not have conditions involving the facility number or employee number compared to constant values.

SELECT 	eventrequest.eventno, 
	eventrequest.dateheld, 
	eventrequest.status, 
	eventrequest.estcost
FROM 	eventrequest, eventplan, employee, facility
WHERE 	eventrequest.facno= facility.facno
AND 	eventplan.empno=employee.empno
AND	employee.empname='Mary Manager'
AND	facility.facname='Basketball Arena';



4.	List the plan number, line number, resource name, number of resources (eventplanline.number), location name, time start, and time end where the event is held at the basketball arena, the event plan has activity of activity of “Operation”, and the event plan has a work date in the period October 1 to December 31, 2013.  Your query must not use the facility number (“F101”) of the basketball arena in the WHERE clause. Instead, you should use a condition on the FacName column for the value of “Basketball arena”.

SELECT	eventplan.planno, 
	lineno,
	locname, 
	resname, 
	numberfld, 
	timestart,
	timeend
FROM 	facility, eventplan, eventplanline, resourcetbl, location
WHERE 	eventplan.workdate BETWEEN 1-OCT-2013 AND '31-DEC-2013'12/31/2013'
AND 	eventplan.planno = eventplanline.planno
	AND location.facno = facility.facno
      	AND facname = 'Basketball arena' AND eventplanline.resno = resourcetbl.resno
      	AND location.locno = eventplanline.locno 
      	AND eventplan.activity = 'Operation';


2. Database Modification Problems

1.	Insert a new row into the Facility table with facility name “Swimming Pool”.

INSERT INTO facility (FACNO, FACNAME)
VALUES ('F201', 'New Stadium');


2. Insert a new row in the Location table related to the Facility row in modification problem 1. The new row should have “Door” for the location name.

INSERT INTO location (locno, facno, locname) 
VALUES ('L201', 'F201', 'Door');

3.Insert a new row in the Location table related to the Facility row in modification problem 1. The new row should have “Locker Room” for the location name.

INSERT INTO location (locno, facno, locname) 
VALUES ('L202', 'F201', 'Locker Room');


4.Change the location name of “Door” to “Gate” for the row inserted in modification problem 2.

UPDATE LOCATION 
SET locname='Gate'
WHERE locno='L201';


5.	Delete the row inserted in modification problem 3.


DELETE FROM LOCATION 
WHERE Locno='L202';
